1. I was not able to find the make file. Be sure to include that in the final version.

2. Good use of Python to tidy the data and parse through what you would like to use, then also good use of R Tidyverse scripts to plot

3. I also did not find the Docker file. Be sure to have that for the final.

4. The plots are very appropriate, with histograms for comparing clients on a numeric scale (age, frequency of visit), bar 
graphs for comparing categorical data (race, gender), and line graphs to plot change over time. You could add color to some
of the later plots just to improve their visual appeal.

5. You do a good job of breaking down your analysis into categories. The final part with chi-square analysis could be presented
in a clearer way. Maybe write out the key info yourself instead of just showing R scripts.

6. Breaking down the project into sections is very helpful, and each section is clear about the purpose. Maybe add a little
more explanation at the beginning about what you will analyze in the project more specifically.

7. The purpose should be very helpful for the client. You break down good basic information about their clients when they arrive and
when they leave, which should be key things they will want to understand. I would definitely give more of a layman's explanation
of the significance of the chi-square test results at the end, as most people probably aren't big chi-square buffs.

8. The source of the data is pretty clear and labeled at the beginning. You could provide a little more background about who
Urban Ministries are and how they collected their data.

9. You do a good job for each plot of asking a question and then answering it afterwards based on the data in the plot. Some
plots could better describe what exactly they are showing to be immediately clear, like the frequency plot. Also maybe say 
more specifically what you mean by correlation for the scatterplot with age vs length of stay.

10. The basic plots are all pretty clear what their purpose is and why you decided to analyze the data in that way. The only
one that could use some more clear explanation is the chi-square plot.

11. Each plot and section gives a good message in itself. Maybe add a summary at the end to point out what you find to be the
key takeaways.
