1. I did not find the make file in the project. Be sure to include that for your final draft.

2. You use both Python (for tidying) and R Tidyverse (for plotting) successfully.

3. I also could not find the Docker file. Be sure to include that as well in your final version.

4. You choose some important key variables to plot, like gender, ethnicity, duration and previous housing situation.
I think trying to plot Gender, Duration, and Count are a bit overly ambitious with a bar graph and create a plot that is not
the easiest to understand (same with the one for ethnicity). You could break these up into two different plots rather than put
them all into one. That could display the same info in a clearer way.

5. I would add "include = FALSE" to the R script to remove the script and clean up the final result. Then add in some commentary
around each plot to state its purpose and your conclusions.

6. You do a good job of breaking the project into multiple questions you wish to ask. I would add a little more introductory 
commentary at the beginning to introduce your overall aims in the project, then a little more detail at each section to explain
how you hope to answer each question, and what answers you find.

7. Comparing variables like gender, ethnicity, duration and previous living situation should be good, basic things to analyze.
I think you can make the plots a bit simpler to understand for the clients, and add in some more basic explanation alongside them.

8. You mention at the beginning that you are entering in the dataset wrangled in Python, but you could add some information 
about where the dataset came from and some background info on who UMD are.

9. The plots have clear labels and colors to show which variables are being analyzed. However, I would add commentary to better
show what questions you are asking and what answers you found.

10. You give a good, basic description before each plot. I think more commentary about what you are analyzing and what the results
tell you would be helpful as well.

11. A summary at the end would help put together your main takeaways and conclusions from the project.
