1. The Makefile is present as the workflow manager.

2. You use Python for tidying and R Tidyverse for plotting very well. 

3. Docker file defines execution environments properly.

4. You use a number of very helpful and visually appealing plots for your data. The histograms, barplot, and scatterplot with
trend line are particularly well-used. The boxplots are generally informative, although the few outliers and lack of significant
differences between the groups may mean they are not the best choice for that data. 

5. You do a good job of splitting the project into sections and asking questions for each section. I think you could add a 
little more commentary, since you have so many plots, to describe what answers you get from the data.

6. It is good that you have an introduction to the project and commentary at the start of each section. I think the purpose
of your project can more specifically state what questions you hope to answer and how you will do so.

7. I think the plots speak for themselves quite well about their purpose from the client's point of view. I think the introduction
and some of the section commentary can be worded in ways that better highlight answers the client will be able to draw from 
this project that could help them in their work.

8. The source of the data is stated clearly at the beginning. I think you could add some background information about UMD so 
that people unfamiliar with them could also better understand this project.

9. The figures all have explanations at the beginning. Some of the plots have conclusions at the end, and I would make sure that
each one (or at least each set of plots) has commentary afterwards to explain what it shows.

10. The plots are all very straightforward and the analysis is not too complicated to understand. I think you can give a bit
more explanation of the trend line in the scatterplot, since its meaning may not be obvious to laymen.

11. Your sections and plots each make clear information for the viewers. I would add a summary at the end to show your conclusions
and highlight the important takeaways.
